Archer: For I am a sinner in the hands of an angry God. Bloody Mary, full of vodka, blessed are you among cocktails. Pray for me now and at the hour of my death, which I hope is soon. Amen.
Archer: (On the FBI) I bought a T-Shirt once that said "Female Body Inspector".
Archer: (On crocodiles) Gee, I don't know. Maybe deep down I'm afraid of any apex predator that lived through the K-T extinction. Physically unchanged for a hundred million years, because it's the perfect killing machine. A half ton of cold-blooded fury, the bite force of 20,000 Newtons, and stomach acid so strong it can dissolve bones and hoofs.
Archer: (As he throws all of Woodhouse's shoes off the balcony) Because I told you to buy lemon curd, Woodhouse. Now what am I going to spread on my toast? Your tears?
Archer: Those cannot be your only shoes. What am I saying? It’s Russia. People probably come from miles around just to get their picture taken in those.
Archer: I'm not saying I invented the turtleneck, but I was the first person to realise its potential as a tactical garment. The tactical turtleneck! The...tactleneck.
Archer: If I stop drinking all at once, I'm afraid the cumulative hangover will kill me.
Archer: You killed a black astronaut, Cyril! That's like killing a unicorn!
Archer: Hey, proposition: first person to untie me - guy or gal - I will let him or her give me a handy. Come on, let's share the milk of human kindness!
Archer: Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I skipped the Emily Post chapter on how to introduce your mother to a hooker.
Archer: Oh, right! Because you walked into Strippers' Discount Warehouse and said, "Help me showcase my intellect."
Archer: Karate? The Dane Cook of martial arts?! No. ISIS agents use Krav Maga.
Archer: I've waited my entire life to say this exact phrase: "I'm commandeering this airboat!"
Archer: I have to go, but if I find one dog hair when I come back I'll rub sand into your dead little eyes. I also need you to buy sand. I don't know if they grade it, but...coarse.
Archer: Can't or won't?
Archer: Woodhouse, we got any lube? Like even olive oil at this point would...help me get that drawer unstuck.
Archer: You know, when I was little I used to pretend that you weren't my mother.
Archer: And your shoes! Because how hard is it to poach a goddamn egg properly? Seriously, that's like Eggs 101, Woodhouse.
Archer: Mine always said, "Sterling, come in here and check me for lumps." Holy shit, was that out loud?
Archer: How'd you get life insurance, Lana? Don't they know you're in the danger zone?
Archer: Hey, we're out there risking our lives every - many of the days!
Archer: I'm gonna pain you dearly Woodhouse, when I peel all your skin off with a flencing knife, sew it into Woodhouse-pajamas, and then set those pajamas on fire!
Archer: Can I offer you a drink? How about this expensive prostitute?
Archer: God, everything makes you uncomfortable. Just the tip?
Archer: So, thanks for nothing Carol. Now, I have to break into ISIS headquarters—in a $900 turtleneck. And if it gets ruined, I'm going to make you drink heavy cream, you...Carol.
Archer: Lying is like 95% of what I do.
Archer: Hey, I know you're upset, but if you ever mention my mother's loins or their frothiness to me again, I don't know what I'll do...but it will be bad. Now let's go bury this dead hooker.
Archer: No, no, turn it on. I can do both.
Archer: Cyril, I paid her, I get to carry her corpse.
Archer: And all I've had today is like six gummy bears...and some Scotch.
Archer: What?! I'm sorry but I can't hear you over the sound of my giant throbbing erection!
Archer: Do I look like I need bald guy cream? I can barely get a comb through this...It's so thick my barber charges me double.
Archer: Jesus Christ, can the mind vomit?
Archer: We've been selling cocaine for the CIA so they could buy arms from Iran?!
Agent Holly: No, this was about our annual budget...If we don't spend it this year, we can't get an increase next year.
Archer: Your authority is not recognized in Fort Kickass.
Cheryl/Carol: I don't know...Sometimes I think I'd like to adopt a little baby...so I could abandon it at a mall.
Woodhouse: I'm afraid the lemur got into the pudding cups.
Woodhouse: Sir, that stolen lemur bit one of your prostitutes in the face...And she says she can't go to the hospital because she's quote "Tripping Balls."
Mallory: Who's there?! What do you want?! Because all you're gonna get is holes! ...Uh ...I mean in you! ...Not my holes...
Archer: Hm? Sorry. I was picturing Whore Island.
Archer: I swear to god I had something for this.
Cheryl/Carol: You're not my supervisor!
Pam: You're not my friend. You're a Decepticon.
Archer: Idiots doing idiot things, because they're idiots.
Archer: Ugh. I mean, what about, "that's what she said," can we at least do that?
Krieger: And by the way, if I was a clone of Adolf goddman Hitler, wouldn't I look like Adolf goddamn Hitler?
Malory: Yes, and everyone deserves a trophy just for showing up, and everyone's Kickstarter has merit. Ugh.
Slater: It's not, I was just gonna tell you that he's had the clap so many times it's more like applause.
Archer: Eat a dick, gravity.
Archer: Okay, A, I'm pretty sure chickens give live birth, like sharks.
